hey guys what's going on it's evil
monkey here and I'm here to show you how
to get the gala hat head for the zero so
start off you're gonna want to get the
blood of Tara morphus because it helps
the varkids evolve quicker so you get
that from Tara more face himself he
drops it rarely but yeah so you're gonna
want to go to the Tundra's Express in
the farmhouse area there's a specific
farmhouse area at the top of the map
right where I show you so there's a
bunch of our kids that spawn there and
you're going to want to try and evolve
those ones just because it's easier with
the barn there's the barn is pretty safe
and you can always run into this little
house here so see we're gonna run out
shoot around just make sure that we can
attract all of them so there you go so
we're getting all the attention
um what the that's blood of Tara more
first thing that I showed you was it
helps them evolve quicker in the thing
it has read texts like inspires or
something inspires the vulva I don't
know but anyways you got to get that and
you could probably get someone to dupe
it for you if you really needed to the
stats aren't really that good and I
opened it up to a public game just
because with the more people it's easier
to do so you're gonna want to get up to
each level so there's like starts off
with the varkids then you get arts larva
our bar kids then you get adult bar kids
then you get bad apps for kids and super
badass were kids and ultra badass for
kids so there's an altar right there and
yeah so we're gonna get both killed here
but don't feel bad killing the smaller
ones because you only really need to
focus on the larger ones you do need to
keep the smaller ones there though just
because they evolve a bit quicker with
them so I'm waiting revived here and
we're actually going to go follow this
railroad track area of this way and try
not bad but you can kill the smaller
ones if you need to and you're gonna go
up here and go right under the tracks
right around here and you're gonna
follow it backwards just so you don't
get hit by train I've had that happen
before and it really sucks actually what
happens in this video too is I wasn't
planning on doing a bunch of video so
when I was actually luring it over it
got hit by the train
so the actual video is from another
remover Asst so yeah you'll see that we
lured it over here finally and there's a
bunch of bandits that are flying around
it's also gonna kill those guys too
usually but yeah there's a bunch of
bandits at spawn in this area so you're
gonna run at the doorway through this
way that would be a bunch of them there
that spawning that you saw and you're
just gonna let it go kill some so
anyways once it kills enough of them
it'll evolve into Burma versus the
invincible right here so there is on the
left there you're gonna want to go
inside the barn just because it's safer
there and you can kill the other guys
off that are around him just because
they're really annoying too so we're
just going to go inside here and get as
clear as a shot as we can and get him
down when you kill him he usually drops
good loot he's noted up like four heads
four different skins
what else does ooh drops a bunch of
legendaries I'm not sure which ones but
I know he does drop some and also he
will be dropping what am I thinking
about the head yeah one of the four
heads is the Galahad head and yes you're
gonna want to stay in the barn just
where it's kind of covered in his little
flying bugs and the techie so there we
go we get him down there and when I try
and jump out what I fall right through a
beam slim region I think I miss it but
anyways fast forward that right to there
so then ya look around for him and it
should be there make sure you kill off
all the other guys before you're looking
around um be careful too is because he's
a large character and has no what does
it physical applicants tuck while moving
towards him so go under him and make
sure you look under him here like that
and you can walk through him and
actually look around because people have
known to almost miss heads under it but
anyways remember to rate comment and
subscribe guys thanks